Now what's up with this break
keyword here?
Well I best show it by leaving it out, so I'll remove break in all these places
and what do you think we'll now see if I execute this with a number of one for example?
We get all three values because now the value falls through, this is how it's called. It reaches this point
because we have a case of one but then it just continues execution from top to bottom like Javascript
code is executed.
So it's not considering that we have case here and that this would be a different case, it's just executing
all the code and basically ignoring this case 8 and default thing here.
So if I enter 8, what do you think we'll now see if all we got is eight and default?
Maybe you were expecting to also see is one but it's still checking which case is the case,
so eight here but then it continues executing to the bottom.
It's not doing it right from the beginning,
just we don't have breaks here
but once it found its case, it will continue and not stop.
So by adding break, we're basically telling Javascript that we want it to finish execution at this point
and not continue with the next lines here,
so we break out of the condition now so to say.